johann people and herzl comes to new
video today in this video shows the
Well tempered glass protective film for that
iphone 6 have fun then I would
say we also start directly and
so that we can arrive here at all
panzerglas protective films because yes it is
two and we have to first
cut this glue with one
a scissors or with a knife and
then up and down are two
You also have to keep the adhesive strips
just removed and we can see
then it can be quite chic
how to open a book and there we have
then once again cleaning cloths around
Ever the display from the iphone too
then clean one more
a single microfiber cloth here
you can see with this one then
also again the display of
free coarse dust and then go
down a little tape around that
clean the display again and then here
at the bottom we can see wrapped up
twice the panzerglas protective films and
they have the first impression to me
So much already say something very much
skinny and very light too
I've been pleasantly surprised
and yes, well, now I would say
we like the whole thing here too
must be prescribed with first
the cloth resp
with the wet she cleans we have to
First of all, the display like
said wet or
the cleaning and that I would first
that a bit difficult here this the
story but to take that is here
is almost something , so to speak
sticks together and it is almost reached
So herewith simply grossly once the
were about the complete conversation and
Thoroughly polish everything with it
ever that one or the other dust
just removed and then we can do that
still do it with the drive
left now have this dry
cloth that is exactly the same as
just dry we have to do that too
open it once and then we can
pull the whole thing out already
put the rest aside and here now
just dry the display and here
It really should be very thorough
when she should look that at everyone
In case the display is completely dry
and at the same time with a good light
Relationship look that all too
dust grains and so on are removed
no hair or any
eyelashes of you just on the display
then they will interfere later
and for connection we can then here
participate again this song or
in addition to these known adhesive strips
because hereby we can do that
display again, yes, I'll tell you
right now thoroughly clean and
single dust grains removed in the same way
individual levels are as in the
pocket the top or the top
earcup you can do that here with then
do it again you should do that
actually everything is best of all
I had to do a bath or something else
Just make it in my room
because of the video but if you have the
possibility you have it where on
at least dust is and if you are
sure you are not really
Dust can be more on the device then
can you already have the panzerglas
Protective film to take the hand and the first
times from these individual slides
get out and then the front full
I'll tell you about this tank
Remove the tattoo to show it
have the tape with the other
hand could still like which
single places are these again
clean as any puzzle or
remove something else and we see
now synonymous already the film or synonymous
armored glass so you see who speaks
this is not a sweet foil
but that's just what it is
glass and even otherwise it is
it really looks really easy
yes in the right position at times
me it's a bit to the left what
but does not do anything and then easy
Let go and be magical
the whole now just yourself
Office eyes, so to speak, as you have afterwards
not a single , not a single bubble
more or anything else really
really good and then it must be in the
Do not do anything at all afterwards
Other slides that will be all
done by itself as it were
now it looks like it is now at the end
then, too, you can do that on the top
to see a little business class
can be seen everywhere have to be content above and
Below is a bit more extreme though
is normal in this bulletproof glass sheets
but still
she really got very thin
she is really very easy than me
I still remember that you earlier
it was really fat
very good and I already have the one
or other test now now with
this slide through and it really does
I really like it
very very good
not only do we recommend are the left
description and you can do something too
already with the video and that's me
saying goodbye
bye and bye